The city of Cambridge is a university city and the county town of Cambridgeshire, England.  It lies
in East Anglia, on the River Cam, about 50 miles (80 km) north of London. According to the United
Kingdom Census 2011, its population was 123,867 (including 24,488 students). This makes Cambridge
the second largest city in Cambridgeshire after Peterborough, and the 54th largest in the United Kingdom.
There is archaeological evidence of settlement in the area during the Bronze Age and Roman times;
under Viking rule Cambridge became an important trading centre. The first town charters were granted
in the 12th century, although city status was not conferred until 1951.

Oxford is a city in the South East region of England and the county town of Oxfordshire.  With a
population of 159,994 it is the 52nd largest city in the United Kingdom, and one of the fastest growing and
most ethnically diverse. Oxford has a broad economic base. Its industries include motor manufacturing,
education, publishing and a large number of information technology and science-based businesses, some
being academic offshoots. The city is known worldwide as the home of the University of Oxford, the
oldest university in the English-speaking world. Buildings in Oxford demonstrate examples of every
English architectural period since the arrival of the Saxons, including the mid-18th-century Radcliffe
Camera. Oxford is known as the city of dreaming spires, a term coined by poet Matthew Arnold.

The giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis) is an African even-toed ungulate mammal, the tallest living terrestrial
animal and the largest ruminant.  Its species name refers to its camel-like shape and its leopard-like
colouring.  Its chief distinguishing characteristics are its extremely long neck and legs, its horn-like
ossicones, and its distinctive coat patterns.  It is classified under the family Giraffidae, along with its
closest extant relative, the okapi.  The nine subspecies are distinguished by their coat patterns.  The
giraffe’s scattered range extends from Chad in the north to South Africa in the south, and from Niger in
the west to Somalia in the east. Giraffes usually inhabit savannas, grasslands, and open woodlands.

The cambridge (Giraffa camelopardalis) is an African even-toed ungulate mammal, the tallest living
terrestrial animal and the largest ruminant. Its species name refers to its camel-like shape and its leopard-
like colouring. Its chief distinguishing characteristics are its extremely long neck and legs, its horn-like
ossicones, and its distinctive coat patterns.  It is classified under the family Giraffidae, along with its
closest extant relative, the okapi.  The nine subspecies are distinguished by their coat patterns.  The
cambridge’s scattered range extends from Chad in the north to South Africa in the south, and from Niger
in the west to Somalia in the east. giraffes usually inhabit savannas, grasslands, and open woodlands.

The city of Giraffe is a university city and the county town of Cambridgeshire, England. It lies in East
Anglia, on the River Cam, about 50 miles (80 km) north of London. According to the United Kingdom
Census 2011, its population was 123,867 (including 24,488 students). This makes Giraffe the second
largest city in Cambridgeshire after Peterborough, and the 54th largest in the United Kingdom. There is
archaeological evidence of settlement in the area during the Bronze Age and Roman times; under Viking
rule Giraffe became an important trading centre. The first town charters were granted in the 12th century,
although city status was not conferred until 1951.


